Xu Shuang
Xu Shuang, why are you here?
Mr. Ye, haha.
This is this
It's Mr. Liu I mentioned to you before.
Ouch, you are Old Man Liu.
It's me, what's wrong with the old man?
I came all the way here to get him to thank me
Ouch, thanks to your timely replacement.
Otherwise, it would have been a disaster
Liu Lao Liu Lao
You are too kind, it's all what the baby should do, right?
Afterlife is dreadful, haha.
Let's go inside, hahaha.
You're welcome.
Come in. I heard you've been making a lot of money lately.
Uh, what are your plans for the money you earned?
To tell you the truth
I'm planning to go into real estate
Um, about this?
Mr. Xu told me
When you think about how the future will develop
I want to
Create a new era of commercial and residential integration
Well, you must do your part for our society
Ok ok ok
Young people should have this kind of drive
You can let go and do it
If you have anything, just come to me.
As long as it's not illegal
I will definitely find a way to help you solve it.
Ok haha ok